You have just learned the basics of web scraping.
It's pretty exciting isn't it.
A lot of power at your hands at your fingertips.
But let's say you want to go further learn more maybe become a professional web scraper.
I don't know.
Maybe that's why you wanted to do what are some things that I would recommend.
Well get more familiar with beautiful soup.
But keep in mind what I said at the beginning of this section ideally you don't even have to web scrape.
Ideally you can use an API maybe the Web site that you want to get data from actually gives you an API.
For example if I go to air B and B API you can see that SBB has announced an official API so we can
actually perhaps read about what data.
Air B and B just gives us access to and that should be your first stop.
Maybe if you don't have that then you'll look at beautiful soup.
The next thing you might want to look at is this framework called scrappy.
Think of it as beautiful soup but with a lot more features a framework is essentially an entire kitchen
and an entire tool belt that you can use to scrape Web sites and you use things like scrappy when you
want to scrape massive web sites massive amounts of data a framework versus a library.
Is that a framework.
Almost it teaches a new language in itself.
It gives you all the tools necessary to do everything that you want when it comes to scraping data.
Beautiful Soup on the other hand is smaller.
It's a library.
So gives you a few nifty tools to do small things like what we've done here.
Scrappy the framework well is an entire thing in itself.
You can go through their documentation and tutorial.
It takes a bit of time to get used to but if you want to do this maybe full time scrappy it's something
that you should take a look.
Finally what do you do with all this data.
Eventually you might want to do something maybe store it in a text file in a CSP file something that
we've talked about and we'll talk about in the course.
But as he collected more and more data maybe using something like scrappy you might want to start looking
into using what we call databases and databases allow us to store massive amounts of data and save it
somewhere so that we can access it whenever we want.
And there's a ton of databases something that is beyond the goal of this course but you may have heard
of things like Mongo D.B. readies my Eskew El post Chris.
These are all ways to store data store massive amounts of data and access it so you might want to learn
about how to use a framework like scrappy and collect that data and store it somewhere on a database
so that other people on your team can maybe access it.
The possibilities are endless but if there's one thing that you're gonna take away from this is please
be nice be ethical and don't do anything illegal because while I don't want to get in trouble and I'm
sure you don't as well I'll see in the next one.
Baba.